---
layout: page
title: Research
description: "Feng-Bing's Research Projects"
permalink: /research.html
---

## Research
Movement and division are two prominent and contrasting themes in discourses
about contemporary society. Contemporary society is often characterised as being
marked by unprecedented levels of movement of people, goods and information. A
different theme, however, is that of barriers and division (e.g. residential
segregation, social exclusion or immigration controls). Our focus on migration
and divided groups brings these two themes together in a single framework with
the hope of providing insights into each of the two phenomena. This research
cluster specifically examines issues of migrant groups settling down in a new
cosmopolitan city, focusing particularly on how different migrant groups (i.e.
migrant farmers and migrant college graduates, or returned scholars and
businessmen from overseas) are adapting to their new lives in their host city.
Such adapting process involves job-hunting, career promotion and everyday life
experiences in the new city, including cultural convergence of tastes,
lifestyles and consumer preferences. The cluster also examines how the new
migrants are constructing their new roles and identities. The research cluster
attempts to relate migrant groups’ life and work experiences with their cultural
and social capital which might characterize migrant groups from different social
backgrounds. It further explores the theoretical conceptualizations of class and
social stratification.


## Projects

* 2005, State Fund from Chinese Ministry of Education for Returned Overseas Students, Fund: 20,000 RMB (中国国家教育部留学回国人员科研启动基金).

* 2008, Zhejiang Provincial Fund for Education, Fund: 5,000 RMB (浙江省教育厅科研项目, 编号：20070088).

* 2008, Zhejiang Provincial Project for Educational Science (浙江省教育科学规划研究课题立项, 编号：SCG274).

* 2010, Zhejiang Provincial Fund for Social Science, Fund: 12,000 RMB (浙江省哲学社会科学规划, 编号: 10CHSH03YB).

* 2012: State Fund for Social Science of China, Fund: 150,000 RMB (国家社科基金一般项目).
